Update TeamsMeetingPolicy commands with WM settings (#10619)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsMeetingPolicy.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowWatermarkForScreenSharing

> This setting allows scheduling meetings with watermark for screenshare enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows scheduling meetings with watermarking for screen sharing enabled.
```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowWatermarkForScreenSharing

> This setting allows scheduling meetings with watermark for video enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows scheduling meetings with watermarking for video enabled.
```
